[Music]
Hello, I am Devaranjan Das. You are listening to
Sanchay Barta. The video you
watched earlier about the health insurance revolution,
ICICI Number
Elevates, is going to complete one year on
July 1st. So I congratulate all of you
once again.
A revolution has taken place in India through this product.
Most importantly, it has provided a great opportunity for those of us who work
as health insurance advisors or agents to
reach out to people and for people to reach out to us.
Because
through this policy, a person can
get many benefits.
They can take a policy according to their own preferences.  Just like
a person buys a ready-made shirt.   But
this product has the qualities that make it possible to make a shirt that matches his own body perfectly, just as he buys shirt pieces and makes them.   The
biggest advantage of this policy is that there is
no basic renewal charge.  Because
every person can get a 2.5 percent discount
if they deposit the premium 30 days before their renewal.
And if
someone has a good civil record at the time of taking out this policy, those who take out a loan and
repay it on time are
given a discount of up to 15 percent.
And because of having PD, many people do
not receive claims even if they have health insurance.  The
biggest benefit of this policy is that
you can avail the Jam Start
benefit with a waiting period of only 30 days.  Where even in case of complete illness,
you can claim after 30 days.
And here is the Unlimited Claim Benefit
or Infinite Peer.  Through this benefit, even if
you have a policy of 10 lakhs or 15 lakhs,
you can get 1 crore or 2 crores or whatever the expenses will be for
your particular treatment
once in your life.  This policy is
available in many policies.  Some give 5%, some
10%, some 50%, some 100% bonus.   There is
no bonus limit on this policy.
As long as you can operate the policy, you can add
percent bonus every year for life to your basic
policy as an edge bonus through this power booster benefit.
After the arrival of this benefit,
a great market has opened up for health insurance agents in India,
a golden opportunity to reach out to people
and a golden opportunity to increase the respect of agents.
ICICI Lombard and therefore I
thank ICICI Lombard once again and love to all of you.
Thank you.